I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely.	
I put too much trust in those who wield power within my temple’s hierarchy.	
My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in my god.	
I am inflexible in my thinking.	
I am suspicious of strangers and expect the worst of them.	
Once I pick a goal, I become obsessed with it to the detriment of everything else in my life.
When I see something valuable, I can’t think about anything but how to steal it.	
When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.	 
If there’s a plan, I’ll forget it. If I don’t forget it, I’ll ignore it.	
I have a tell that reveals when I’m lying.	
I turn tail and run when things look bad.	
An innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I’m okay with that.
The tyrant who rules my land will stop at nothing to see me killed.	
I’m convinced of the significance of my destiny, and blind to my shortcomings and the risk of failure.	
The people who knew me when I was young know my shameful secret, so I can never go home again.	
I have a weakness for the vices of the city, especially hard drink.	
Secretly, I believe that things would be better if I were a tyrant lording over the land.	
I have trouble trusting in my allies.
I have certain rituals that I must follow every day. I can never break them.	
I assume the worst in people.	
I feel no compassion for the dead. They’re the lucky ones.	
I have an addiction.	
I am a purveyor of doom and gloom who lives in a world without hope.	
I talk to spirits that no one else can see.
I secretly believe that everyone is beneath me.	
I hide a truly scandalous secret that could ruin my family forever.	
I too often hear veiled insults and threats in every word addressed to me, and I’m quick to anger.	
I have an insatiable desire for carnal pleasures.
In fact, the world does revolve around me.	
By my words and actions, I often bring shame to my family.
I am easily distracted by the promise of information.	
Most people scream and run when they see a demon. I stop and take notes on its anatomy.	
Unlocking an ancient mystery is worth the price of a civilization.	
I overlook obvious solutions in favor of complicated ones.	
I speak without really thinking through my words, invariably insulting others.	
I can’t keep a secret to save my life, or anyone else’s.
The monstrous enemy we faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.	
I have little respect for anyone who is not a proven warrior.
I made a terrible mistake in battle that cost many lives—and I would do anything to keep that mistake secret.	
My hatred of my enemies is blind and unreasoning.	
I obey the law, even if the law causes misery.	
I’d rather eat my armor than admit when I’m wrong.
