Tradition. The ancient traditions of worship and sacrifice must be preserved and upheld. (Lawful)	
Charity. I always try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost. (Good)	
Change. We must help bring about the changes the gods are constantly working in the world. (Chaotic)	
Power. I hope to one day rise to the top of my faith’s religious hierarchy. (Lawful)	
Faith. I trust that my deity will guide my actions. I have faith that if I work hard, things will go well. (Lawful)	
Aspiration. I seek to prove myself worthy of my god’s favor by matching my actions against his or her teachings. (Any)
Honor. I dont steal from others in the trade. (Lawful)	
Freedom. Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them. (Chaotic)	
Charity. I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need. (Good)	
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy. (Evil)	
People. Im loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can take a trip down the Styx for all I care. (Neutral)	
Redemption. Theres a spark of good in everyone. (Good)
Respect. People deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. (Good)	
Fairness. No one should get preferential treatment before the law, and no one is above the law. (Lawful)
Freedom. Tyrants must not be allowed to oppress the people. (Chaotic)	
Might. If I become strong, I can take what I want—what I deserve. (Evil)	
Sincerity. Theres no good in pretending to be something Im not. (Neutral)	
Destiny. Nothing and no one can steer me away from my higher calling. (Any)
I try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost. (Good)	
Ill stop the spirits that haunt me or die trying. (Any)	
I kill monsters to make the world a safer place, and to exorcise my own demons. (Good)	
I have a dark calling that puts me above the law. (Chaotic)	
I like to know my enemy’s capabilities and weaknesses before rushing into battle. (Lawful)
Im a monster that destroys other monsters, and anything else that gets in my way. (Evil)
Respect. Respect is due to me because of my position, but all people regardless of station deserve to be treated with dignity. (Good)
Responsibility. It is my duty to respect the authority of those above me, just as those below me must respect mine. (Lawful)	
Independence. I must prove that I can handle myself without the coddling of my family. (Chaotic)	
Power. If I can attain more power, no one will tell me what to do. (Evil)
Family. Blood runs thicker than water. (Any)	
Noble Obligation. It is my duty to protect and care for the people beneath me. (Good)
Knowledge. The path to power and self-improvement is through knowledge. (Neutral)	
Beauty. What is beautiful points us beyond itself toward what is true. (Good)	
Logic. Emotions must not cloud our logical thinking. (Lawful)	
No Limits. Nothing should fetter the infinite possibility inherent in all existence. (Chaotic)	
Power. Knowledge is the path to power and domination. (Evil)	
Self-Improvement. The goal of a life of study is the betterment of oneself. (Any)
Greater Good. Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of others. (Good)	
Responsibility. I do what I must and obey just authority. (Lawful)
Independence. When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny. (Chaotic)	
Might. In life as in war, the stronger force wins. (Evil)
Live and Let Live. Ideals arent worth killing over or going to war for. (Neutral)	
Nation. My city, nation, or people are all that matter. (Any)