I idolize a particular hero of my faith, and constantly refer to that persons deeds and example.
I can find common ground between the fiercest enemies, empathizing with them and always working toward peace.
I see omens in every event and action. The gods try to speak to us, we just need to listen.
Nothing can shake my optimistic attitude.
I quote (or misquote) sacred texts and proverbs in almost every situation.
I am tolerant (or intolerant) of other faiths and respect (or condemn) the worship of other gods.
Ive enjoyed fine food, drink, and high society among my temples elite. Rough living grates on me.
Ive spent so long in the temple that I have little practical experience dealing with people in the outside world.
I always have a plan for what to do when things go wrong.
I am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
The first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable—or where such things could be hidden.
I would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
I am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
I don’t pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
The best way to get me to do something is to tell me I cant do it.
I blow up at the slightest insult.
I judge people by their actions, not their words.
If someone is in trouble, Im always ready to lend help.	
When I set my mind to something, I follow through no matter what gets in my way.	
I have a strong sense of fair play and always try to find the most equitable solution to arguments.	
Im confident in my own abilities and do what I can to instill confidence in others.	
Thinking is for other people. I prefer action.	
I misuse long words in an attempt to sound smarter.
I get bored easily. When am I going to get on with my destiny?
I don’t run from evil. Evil runs from me.	
I like to read and memorize poetry. It keeps me calm and brings me fleeting moments of happiness.	
I spend money freely and live life to the fullest, knowing that tomorrow I might die.	
I live for the thrill of the hunt.	
I don’t talk about the thing that torments me. Id rather not burden others with my curse.	
I expect danger around every corner.	
I refuse to become a victim, and I will not allow others to be victimized.	
I put no trust in divine beings.
My eloquent flattery makes everyone I talk to feel like the most wonderful and important person in the world.	
The common folk love me for my kindness and generosity.	
No one could doubt by looking at my regal bearing that I am a cut above the unwashed masses.
I take great pains to always look my best and follow the latest fashions.	
I don’t like to get my hands dirty, and I wont be caught dead in unsuitable accommodations.	
Despite my noble birth, I do not place myself above other folk. We all have the same blood.	
My favor, once lost, is lost forever.	
If you do me an injury, I will crush you, ruin your name, and salt your fields.
I use polysyllabic words that convey the impression of great erudition.	
Ive read every book in the worlds greatest libraries—or I like to boast that I have.	
Im used to helping out those who aren’t as smart as I am, and I patiently explain anything and everything to others.	
Theres nothing I like more than a good mystery.	
Im willing to listen to every side of an argument before I make my own judgment.	
I … speak … slowly … when talking … to idiots, … which … almost … everyone … is … compared … to me.	
I am horribly, horribly awkward in social situations.
Im convinced that people are always trying to steal my secrets.
Im always polite and respectful.	
Im haunted by memories of war. I cant get the images of violence out of my mind.	
Ive lost too many friends, and Im slow to make new ones.	
Im full of inspiring and cautionary tales from my military experience relevant to almost every combat situation.	
I can stare down a hell hound without flinching.	
I enjoy being strong and like breaking things.	
I have a crude sense of humor.	
I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success